fixes #2349 On retry autocomplete correct option (#116)
adaptlearning/adapt-contrib-assessment: README.md

>>**_resetType** (string): Determines whether the question component will register as completed when reset. When assigned a value of `soft`, the learner may continue to interact with it, but the component's `_isComplete` attribute remains set to `true`. When assigned `hard`, `_isComplete` is set to `false`, and the learner will be forced to complete it again if it is reset. Other plug-ins, such as [Page Level  Progress](https://github.com/adaptlearning/adapt-contrib-pageLevelProgress) and [Trickle](https://github.com/adaptlearning/adapt-contrib-trickle), base their behavior on the value of a component's `_isComplete` attribute. Acceptable values are `hard` or `soft`.

> >>**_resetIncorrectOnly** (boolean): When assigned true, it will reset those questions which answered incorrectly , and the learner will be forced to complete it again if it is reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>**_resetIncorrectOnly** (boolean): If set to `true`, only incorrectly-answered questions will be reset when the assessment is reset/retried. Defaults to `false`.
```
